Update Greek translations for age_screen and gender_screen items (M2-8840) (#1778)
ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-backend-refactor: README.md

alembic -c alembic_arbitrary.ini upgrade head
```

#### Update gender_screen and age_screen activity items strings to greek for an applet

```bash
python src/cli.py patch exec M2-8568 -a <applet_id> 
```

#### Note: You can use environment variables to overwrite default values.

> #### AGE_SCREEN_QUESTION_TRANSLATION to update the question value for the age screen.
> 
> #### GENDER_SCREEN_QUESTION_TRANSLATION to update the question value for the gender screen.
> 
> #### GENDER_SCREEN_RESPONSE_MALE_TRANSLATION to update the response value for the male option.
> 
> #### GENDER_SCREEN_RESPONSE_FEMALE_TRANSLATION to update the response value for the female option.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this!

I don't think each of these lines should be a level 4 heading. Let's use a table instead:

```suggestion
| Environment variable | Text string |
| - | - |
| `AGE_SCREEN_QUESTION_TRANSLATION` | Question text for the Age screen |
| `GENDER_SCREEN_QUESTION_TRANSLATION` | Question text for the Gender screen |
| `GENDER_SCREEN_RESPONSE_MALE_TRANSLATION` | "Male" response text |
| `GENDER_SCREEN_RESPONSE_FEMALE_TRANSLATION` | "Female" response text |
```
